Fixes #7794 - Updates New-PSSessionOption (#7880)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md

### -OperationTimeout

> Determines the maximum time **WinRM** will wait for positive connection tests from a live connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determines the maximum time **WinRM** waits for positive connection tests from a live connection
```

before initiating a connection time-out. For more information on WinRM, see the [Windows Remote Management Documentation](/windows/win32/winrm/portal)

> **OperationTimeout** does _not_ impose a time limit on commands or processes running in a remote
> session and does _not_ affect other remoting protocols like SSH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**OperationTimeout** does _not_ impose a time limit on commands or processes running in a remote
session.
```
